AWS-Marketplace Python (#1056)
neuralmagic/deepsparse: examples/aws-marketplace/README.md

<!--
Copyright (c) 2021 - present / Neuralmagic, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
-->

> # **Getting Started with DeepSparse via the AWS Marketplace**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# **Getting Started With DeepSparse via the AWS Marketplace**
```

Neural Magic’s DeepSparse Inference Runtime can be deployed directly from the AWS Marketplace. DeepSparse supports more than 60 different EC2 instance types and sizes, allowing you to quickly deploy the infrastructure that works best for your use case, based on cost and performance.

> An EC2 instance integrated with DeepSparse can be launched via the AWS console or programmatically via Python. For the console workflow, please follow the guide in our [blog](https://neuralmagic.com/blog/neural-magics-deepsparse-inference-runtime-now-available-in-the-aws-marketplace/). If you are interested in configuring and launching an instance with DeepSparse in Python, follow the step-by-step guide below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An EC2 instance integrated with DeepSparse can be launched via the AWS console or programmatically via Python. For the console workflow, follow the guide in our [blog](https://neuralmagic.com/blog/neural-magics-deepsparse-inference-runtime-now-available-in-the-aws-marketplace/). If you are interested in configuring and launching an instance with DeepSparse in Python, follow the step-by-step guide below. 
```

    return public_ipv4_dns

if __name__ == "__main__":
    instance_id = launch_ec2_instance('DeepSparse', 'ami-036b9037247505961')
    wait_until_running(instance_id)
    get_public_ipv4_dns(instance_id)

```

**The AMI ID *ami-036b9037247505961* used in the example above assumes a configuration of software `version 1.3.2` in the `US East (N. Virginia)` region. If you prefer to enter different values in the configuration page, use the AMI id shown  and paste it into the code snippet**:

![Alt Text](./img/ami-pic.png)

If you need guidance on how to select existing Security Group ids, run the following AWS CLI command and paste the appropriate `GroupId` value in the `SecurityGroupIds` argument.

```bash
aws ec2 describe-security-groups --query 'SecurityGroups[*].{GroupName: GroupName, GroupId: GroupId, VpcId: VpcId}'
```
If you need guidance on how to select existing Subnet ids, run the following AWS CLI command, and paste the appropriate id in the `SubnetId` argument.

```bash
aws ec2 describe-subnets --filters "Name=vpc-id,Values=vpc-042da23c75d628d10" "Name=default-for-az,
Values=true" --query 'Subnets[].SubnetId'
```

## **Step 3: SSH Into the Instance**

> After running the code snippet, your Public IPv4 DNS will be printed out in terminal and should look like this: `ec2-18-234-83-194.compute-1.amazonaws.com`. Pass the IPv4 into the following CLI command to SSH into your running instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After running the code snippet, your Public IPv4 DNS will be printed out in the terminal and should look like this: `ec2-18-234-83-194.compute-1.amazonaws.com`. Pass the IPv4 into the following CLI command to SSH into your running instance:
```

```bash
ssh -i path/to/your/sshkey.pem ec2-user@public-ipv4-dns
```

## **Step 4: Run DeepSparse**

> Now that you have SSH'd into the instance, you can use all of the DeepSparse features such as benchmarking, pipelines and the server. Here's an example of benchmarking a pruned-quantized version of BERT trained on SQuAD:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once logged into the instance, you can use all of the DeepSparse features such as benchmarking, pipelines, and the server. Here's an example of benchmarking a pruned-quantized version of BERT trained on SQuAD:
```

> Now that you have SSH'd into the instance, you can use all of the DeepSparse features such as benchmarking, pipelines and the server. Here's an example of benchmarking a pruned-quantized version of BERT trained on SQuAD:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once logged into the instance, you can use all of the DeepSparse features such as benchmarking, pipelines, and the server. Here's an example of benchmarking a pruned-quantized version of BERT trained on SQuAD:
```
